README.md, before:

# HSE Guardian | Incident Image Taking System

**HSE Guardian** is a professional-grade, mobile-first safety reporting tool. It is engineered for field safety personnel to capture high-integrity photographic evidence, manage incident lifecycles, and monitor site criticality in real-time.

## Professional Features

*   **Secure Access:** Biometric lock (FaceID/Fingerprint) and Password Gateway.
*   **Evidence Acquisition:** Multi-image capture with local compression and offline queueing.
*   **Command Dashboard:** Real-time data visualization of site risks and resolution status.
*   **PWA Ready:** Installable on Android and iOS for offline field operations.

## Development Setup

1.  **Clone:** `git clone <repo-url>`
2.  **Install:** `npm install`
3.  **Environment Variables**:
    *   Copy the `.env.example` file to a new file named `.env`.
    *   `cp .env.example .env`
    *   Fill in the required values in `.env` (do not commit it):
        *   `VITE_AIRTABLE_BASE_ID` (looks like `appXXXXXXXXXXXXXX` — do not include `/tbl...`)
        *   `VITE_AIRTABLE_API_KEY` (Airtable Personal Access Token)
        *   `VITE_SUPABASE_URL`
        *   `VITE_SUPABASE_ANON_KEY`
4.  **Run:** `npm run dev`


## Deployment & GitHub Workflow

To stage, commit, and sync your changes to GitHub, use the following professional workflow:

### 1. Local Staging
Stage all modified files for the next commit:
```bash
git add .
```

### 2. High-Integrity Committing
Commit your changes with a descriptive message following semantic versioning principles:
```bash
git commit -m "feat: implement biometric security and enhanced incident evidence grid"
```

### 3. Repository Synchronization
Push your local commits to the remote GitHub repository:
```bash
git push origin main
```

### 4. Automated CI/CD
The project includes a GitHub Actions workflow (`.github/workflows/main.yml`) that automatically triggers on every push to the `main` branch to verify build integrity.

## Developed by
@Elius - Senior Safety Systems Architect

Commit message:

fix: Update dependencies and improve Airtable configuration
Dependencies have been updated for Vite and its React plugin. The configuration for Airtable has been streamlined, removing unnecessary environment variable assertions and directly using environment variables in constants.

Additionally, the `ImageGrid` component now supports drag-and-drop image uploads and uses `useCallback` for better performance. The server-side proxy logic for Airtable has been removed, as these operations are now handled client-side with VITE environment variables.

README.md, after:


# HSE Guardian | Incident Image Taking System

**HSE Guardian** is a professional-grade, mobile-first safety reporting tool. It is engineered for field safety personnel to capture high-integrity photographic evidence, manage incident lifecycles, and monitor site criticality in real-time.

## Professional Features

*   **Secure Access:** Biometric lock (FaceID/Fingerprint) and Password Gateway.
*   **Evidence Acquisition:** Multi-image capture with local compression and offline queueing.
*   **Command Dashboard:** Real-time data visualization of site risks and resolution status.
*   **PWA Ready:** Installable on Android and iOS for offline field operations.

## Development Setup

1.  **Clone:** `git clone <repo-url>`
2.  **Install:** `npm install`
3.  **Environment Variables**:
    *   The application uses environment variables for security. **Never commit your `.env` file to GitHub.**
    *   Create a `.env` file in the root directory.
    *   Copy the contents of `.env.example` into your new `.env` file.
    *   Fill in your specific API keys for Airtable, Supabase, and Google Gemini.
4.  **Run:** `npm run dev`


## Deployment & GitHub Workflow

To stage, commit, and sync your changes to GitHub securely:

### 1. Local Staging
Verify that your `.env` is listed in `.gitignore` (this project already does this) to prevent accidental credential leaks.
```bash
git add .
```

### 2. Synchronization
Use the built-in professional sync script which handles staging, semantic committing, and pushing in one high-integrity operation:
```bash
npm run git-sync
```

### 3. Automated CI/CD
The project includes a GitHub Actions workflow (`.github/workflows/main.yml`) that automatically triggers on every push to the `main` branch to verify build integrity.

## Developed by
@Elius - Senior Safety Systems Architect
